go update (#104)
apitoolkit/apitoolkit-landing: content/docs/Quickstarts/Golang/Gin.md

  	// Import the apitoolkit golang sdk
    "context"
  	apitoolkit "github.com/apitoolkit/apitoolkit-go"
    "github.com/gin-gonic/gin"
)
	
func main() {

> 	// Initialize the client using your apitoolkit.io generated apikey
> 	apitoolkitClient, err := apitoolkit.NewClient(context.Background(), apitoolkit.Config{APIKey: "w/JOLZAZOX0zz9BDhaZsT20b9DnGRoCeuLPk1LhXpD0CpNmV"})
> 	if err != nil {
> 		panic(err)
> 	}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Initialize the client using your apitoolkit.io generated apikey
  	apitoolkitClient, err := apitoolkit.NewClient(ctx, apitoolkit.Config{APIKey: "<APIKEY>"})
    ...
```
